There are infinite levels and getting across the maximum levels gets you to the top of the LEADERBOARD.
Movement across levels does not necessarily ensure  advancement. Righteousness however does. We have ensured umpteen baits  to ensure the same. Play safe.
Enter the answer in the text box.
Answers are to be written in American english , in the  answer box in small letters. For example, if the  answer for Level 1 is "Austin Powers" , it shall be submitted as  “austin powers” .
Guessing will not help. If you have the right answer you will know for sure that you have it.
However if you feel like you are totally clueless or you  are in an absolutely wrong direction you may feel free to use the event page.
Do regularly check the event page for any clues/hints.
We are also open to all kind of Complaints, Suggestions  and Queries. Feel free to write to me at the forum, Whether I answer  them or not depends only on the kind of mail, and when I answer them  will depend on my Happy-ness, Lazy-ness and Busy-ness levels ( That’s  all I have in my life ).
Taken in the right spirit Cache In promises to be fun and  a great learning experience. So please, don’t spoil it by trying to  cheat in the competition or indecent behavior. The organizer is a  sadist, you ll know it well by the end. Any instance of cheating will be  dealt with elimination(it’s so easy to get eliminated here :p)
So, what constitutes cheating/indecent behavior?              
Pinging fellow contestants for answers/hints. For  hints you may consult us using the forums and as far as the answers are  concerned, seriously whats the point of participating in a treasure  hunt if you want to get the answers served on a plate.
Using abusive language in the forum
Writing answers or spoilers in any form in the forum.  If you feel like you need to confirm whether you are in the right  direction towards solving the puzzle then simply do that without letting  others know what’s on your mind.
In case of any conflict or situation of ambiguity, the decision of the organizers shall be final and binding. 
There will be ATLEAST 3 prizes to be won.
And last but not the least, the golden rule: Moderator is God.
ALL THE BEST!
